README.md, before:

# NotifyMe 
## Database UML Diagram
---
```mermaid
erDiagram
USER |o--|| CUSTOMER : is
USER ||--|| ADMIN : is
USER ||--|| EMPLOYEE : is
SERVICE }o--|| BOOKING : has
EMPLOYEE }o--|| BOOKING : has
CUSTOMER }o--|| BOOKING : has
REMINDER ||--|| BOOKING : "is for / has"
SERVICE ||--|{ EMPLOYEE_SERVICE : "is provided"
EMPLOYEE ||--|{ EMPLOYEE_SERVICE : provides

USER {
    IID VARCHAR PK
    FIRSTNAME VARCHAR 
	  LASTNAME VARCHAR
    EMAILADDRESS VARCHAR
	  PHONENUMBER VARCHAR
	  STATUS VARCHAR
	  GEOGRAPHICADDRESS VARCHAR
	  CREATIONDATETIME VARCHAR
	  LASTLOGINDATETIME VARCHAR
	  PASSWORD VARCHAR
  }
  CUSTOMER {
    USER_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
    PAYMENTID VARCHAR
    INVOICE VARCHAR 
  }
  EMPLOYEE {
    USER_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
    DEPARTMENT VARCHAR
    SALARY VARCHAR
    JOBTITLE VARCHAR
  }
  ADMIN {
    USER_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
    ROLE VARCHAR
    PERMISSIONS VARCHAR
  }
  BOOKING {
    IID VARCHAR PK
	  CUSTOMER_ID VARCHAR FK
	  EMPLOYEE_ID VARCHAR FK
	  SERVICE_ID VARCHAR FK
	  STARTDATETIME VARCHAR 
	  ENDDATETIME VARCHAR 
	  STATUS VARCHAR
	  PAYMENTSTATUS VARCHAR 
	  NOTES teVARCHARxt
  }
  SERVICE {
    IID VARCHAR PK
	  NAME VARCHAR
	  DESCRIPTION VARCHAR
	  PRICE VARCHAR 
	  DURATION VARCHAR 
	  AVAILABILITY VARCHAR 
	  CATEGORY VARCHAR 
	  IMAGEURL VARCHAR 
	  STATUS VARCHAR 
  }
  REMINDER {
  IID VARCHAR PK
	USER_ID VARCHAR FK
	BOOKING_ID VARCHAR FK
	CONTENT VARCHAR 
	STATUS VARCHAR 
	FIRSTSENTDATE VARCHAR 
	LASTSENTDATE VARCHAR 
	TYPE VARCHAR 
  }
  EMPLOYEE_SERVICE {
    EMPLOYEE_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
	  SERVICE_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
	  HOURLYRATE VARCHAR 
	  STARTDATETIME VARCHAR 
  }

 ```
USER |o--|| CUSTOMER : is (zero/one user can be customer) (one and only one customer can be a user) + solid line 

USER ||--|| ADMIN : "is (exactly one user is admin and viceversa)"

USER ||--|| EMPLOYEE : is (exactly one user is employee and viceversa)

CUSTOMER }o--|| BOOKING : has (Customer has zero / more bookings) (Booking has exactly one customer)

EMPLOYEE }o--|| BOOKING : has (EMPLOYEE has zero / more bookings) (Booking has exactly one employee)

SERVICE }o--|| BOOKING : has
(SERVICE has zero / more bookings) (Booking has exactly one service)

REMINDER ||--|| BOOKING : "is for / has" (REMINDER is exactly for one BOOKING) (BOOKING has exactly one REMINDER)

Commit message:

add Employee_service relationship table description + table view

README.md, after:

# NotifyMe 
## Database UML Diagram
---
```mermaid
erDiagram
USER |o--|| CUSTOMER : is
USER ||--|| ADMIN : is
USER ||--|| EMPLOYEE : is
SERVICE }o--|| BOOKING : has
EMPLOYEE }o--|| BOOKING : has
CUSTOMER }o--|| BOOKING : has
REMINDER ||--|| BOOKING : "is for / has"
SERVICE ||--|{ EMPLOYEE_SERVICE : "is provided"
EMPLOYEE ||--|{ EMPLOYEE_SERVICE : provides

USER {
    IID VARCHAR PK
    FIRSTNAME VARCHAR 
	  LASTNAME VARCHAR
    EMAILADDRESS VARCHAR
	  PHONENUMBER VARCHAR
	  STATUS VARCHAR
	  GEOGRAPHICADDRESS VARCHAR
	  CREATIONDATETIME VARCHAR
	  LASTLOGINDATETIME VARCHAR
	  PASSWORD VARCHAR
  }
  CUSTOMER {
    USER_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
    PAYMENTID VARCHAR
    INVOICE VARCHAR 
  }
  EMPLOYEE {
    USER_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
    DEPARTMENT VARCHAR
    SALARY VARCHAR
    JOBTITLE VARCHAR
  }
  ADMIN {
    USER_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
    ROLE VARCHAR
    PERMISSIONS VARCHAR
  }
  BOOKING {
    IID VARCHAR PK
	  CUSTOMER_ID VARCHAR FK
	  EMPLOYEE_ID VARCHAR FK
	  SERVICE_ID VARCHAR FK
	  STARTDATETIME VARCHAR 
	  ENDDATETIME VARCHAR 
	  STATUS VARCHAR
	  PAYMENTSTATUS VARCHAR 
	  NOTES teVARCHARxt
  }
  SERVICE {
    IID VARCHAR PK
	  NAME VARCHAR
	  DESCRIPTION VARCHAR
	  PRICE VARCHAR 
	  DURATION VARCHAR 
	  AVAILABILITY VARCHAR 
	  CATEGORY VARCHAR 
	  IMAGEURL VARCHAR 
	  STATUS VARCHAR 
  }
  REMINDER {
  IID VARCHAR PK
	USER_ID VARCHAR FK
	BOOKING_ID VARCHAR FK
	CONTENT VARCHAR 
	STATUS VARCHAR 
	FIRSTSENTDATE VARCHAR 
	LASTSENTDATE VARCHAR 
	TYPE VARCHAR 
  }
  EMPLOYEE_SERVICE {
    EMPLOYEE_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
	  SERVICE_ID VARCHAR PK,FK
	  HOURLYRATE VARCHAR 
	  STARTDATETIME VARCHAR 
  }

 ```

| Relation                                        | Description                                                                             |
|:-----------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| USER |o--|| CUSTOMER : is                       | (zero/one user can be customer) (one and only one customer can be a user) + solid line  |
| USER ||--|| ADMIN : is                          | (exactly one user is admin and viceversa)                                               |
| USER ||--|| EMPLOYEE : is                       | (exactly one user is employee and viceversa)                                            |
| CUSTOMER }o--|| BOOKING : has                   | (Customer has zero / more bookings) (Booking has exactly one customer)                  |
| EMPLOYEE }o--|| BOOKING : has                   | (EMPLOYEE has zero / more bookings) (Booking has exactly one employee)                  |
| SERVICE }o--|| BOOKING : has                    | (SERVICE has zero / more bookings) (Booking has exactly one service)                    |
| REMINDER ||--|| BOOKING : "is for / has"        | REMINDER is exactly for one BOOKING) (BOOKING has exactly one REMINDER)                 |
| SERVICE ||--|{ EMPLOYEE_SERVICE : "is provided" | (Exactly one service is provided by one ore more Employees) (Employee )                 |
| EMPLOYEE ||--|{ EMPLOYEE_SERVICE : provides     | (Exactly one employee provides one or more Service)                                     |
